export 
export GAN=/asdas:/asfa 
export 
exit 
export 
export YOU=/please:/work 
expoet 
export 
history 
exit 
export 
export ME=/anime:/cmon 
exit 
export 
export them=/asd:/as 
exit 
export 
export 
eexport 
export 
exit 
export 
export 
export he=/asd:/asd 
exit 
export 
export WHY=/asd:/asda 
export 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/bin:/asda 
exit 
export 
export KAVA=/asdsa:/asda 
exit 
export 
export OP=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
exit 
export 
export YOLO=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/asda:/asda 
export 
export OK=/asd:/asda 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/asda:/asdas 
exit 
export 
exit 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/asdsa:/asda 
export 
export JAVA=/asdasd:/asdsa 
export 
export 
exit 
export 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/asdsa:/asdsa 
export 
exit 
export 
export YOLO=/sadas:/asdas 
export 
exit 
export 
export HULU=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
export 
export 
exit 
exit 
export 
export YAH=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
export 
export 
export HULU=/sadas:/asda 
export 
export 
export 
export HAHA=/asdasd:/asdas 
export 
export 
exit 
export 
export KK=/asdas:/sadas 
export 
exit 
export 
export JAJA=/asdas:/asdsa 
export 
exit 
export 
export YU=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
exit 
export 
export YU=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
exit 
exit 
export 
export JAVA=/asdas:/asdas 
export 
export OK=/asdSda:/asdas 
export 
exit 
export 
exit 
./myshell 
export 
exit 
exit 
exit 
exit 
